Kijiji Ontario > Toronto (GTA) > City of Toronto > services > computer > Ad ID 448816836 

SEO Consulting - Save Money on PPC for High Converting Keywords

We have customers worldwide whom we have helped to construct their web site with E-commerce Applications, Database Driven Websites, SEO Solutions, Article Marketing, Copy Writing, Blog Marketing, Search Engine Optimization , Low Cost PPC Advertisement (Google, MSN & Yahoo) , Ezine Advertising, You tube advertising, Opt In business model, Social Networking and More .

What is SEO?

SEO is Search Engine Optimization. Whenever someone types keyword in google, yahoo and msn ..your website can be brought to page 1. So they can visit your website to take actions. 80% visitors to a website comes from SEO. We will do keyword analysis and competitor analysis of which keywords work best for your business and optimize for that keywords.

Our SEO Portfolio


We will successfully rank your website on page 1 for 10-15 keywords. So you get all targeted visitors who are going to take actions in your website. We have 3 packages available for SEO clients (Bronze, Silver & Platunum) based on your competition of your keywords. So pls ask for the package details to our marketing team when you are calling us.

We develop (or Optimize) your website for this 10 - 15 keywords with SEO with

1. Article Writing
2. Link Building
3. Directory Submission
4. Article Submission to directories
5. Submission to Social Book Marking Websites
6. Blog Posts
7. Link Baiting
8. Squido Lense Submission
9. You Tube Video Creation and Submission
10. Weekly SEO Reports

If you have website with very serious business. We can help your through to build SEO for your website which will bring your website to top which is going to bring lot of business for you.


Pls call us at
647 725 2639 / 647 854 3002


Our Website
Keshava Technology Inc

or
We will have face to face discussion of your SEO related work to proceed further.

Sincerely,
Mani Nagappan
Project Leader/IT
Toronto SEO Consultant
Keshava Technology Inc
www.keshavatech.com 